refactor(api)!: renamed `getCurrent` functions to avoid ambiguity (#10229)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/get-current-ambguity.md

> ---
> "@tauri-apps/api": "patch:breaking"
> ---
> 
> Renamed `getCurrent` function to a more clearer name to avoid ambiguity:
> - `getCurrent` in `window` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWindow`
> - `getCurrent` in `webview` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWebview`
> - `getCurrent` in `webviewWindow` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWebviewWindow`
> 

Author: ```suggestion
---
"@tauri-apps/api": "patch:breaking"
"tauri": "patch:breaking"
---

Renamed the JS `getCurrent` functions to a clearer name to avoid ambiguity:
- `getCurrent` in `window` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWindow`
- `getCurrent` in `webview` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWebview`
- `getCurrent` in `webviewWindow` module has been renamed to `getCurrentWebviewWindow`

```
